Add SCIP_jll as dependency (#177)
scipopt/SCIP.jl: README.md

Julia interface to [SCIP](http://scip.zib.de) solver.

[![Build Status](https://github.com/scipopt/SCIP.jl/workflows/CI/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://github.com/scipopt/SCIP.jl/actions?query=workflow%3ACI)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/SCIP-Interfaces/SCIP.jl/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/SCIP-Interfaces/SCIP.jl?branch=master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/SCIP-Interfaces/SCIP.jl/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/SCIP-Interfaces/SCIP.jl)

See [NEWS.md](https://github.com/SCIP-Interfaces/SCIP.jl/blob/master/NEWS.md) for changes in each (recent) release.

## Update (August 2020)

> It is no longer required to install [SCIP](http://scip.zib.de) itself before you
> can use this package. There now exists a
> [BinaryBuilder.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/BinaryBuilder.jl) generated
> package [SCIP_jll.jl](https://github.com/JuliaBinaryWrappers/SCIP_jll.jl) which
> is installed automatically as a dependency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On MacOS and Linux, it is no longer required to install the [SCIP](https://scipopt.org/) binaries using this package. There now exists a
[BinaryBuilder.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/BinaryBuilder.jl) generated
package [SCIP_jll.jl](https://github.com/JuliaBinaryWrappers/SCIP_jll.jl) which
is installed automatically as a dependency.

On Windows, the separate installation of SCIP is still mandatory.
```

> So, with if you use Julia version 1.3 or newer, you can get started simply with
> 
>     pkg> add SCIP
> 
> See below for support of custom SCIP installations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under Julia 1.3 or more recent, you can use this default installation:

    pkg> add SCIP

If you use an older Julia version, Windows or want a custom SCIP installation, see below for the build steps.
```

See [NEWS.md](https://github.com/SCIP-Interfaces/SCIP.jl/blob/master/NEWS.md) for changes in each (recent) release.

## Update (August 2020)

It is no longer required to install [SCIP](http://scip.zib.de) itself before you
can use this package. There now exists a
[BinaryBuilder.jl](https://github.com/JuliaPackaging/BinaryBuilder.jl) generated
package [SCIP_jll.jl](https://github.com/JuliaBinaryWrappers/SCIP_jll.jl) which
is installed automatically as a dependency.

> So, with if you use Julia version 1.3 or newer, you can get started simply with

Reviewer 2: “So if you use ...”
